[Workers] Pricing partials (#10750)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_transactional_storage_api_pricing.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

The Durable Objects [Transactional Storage API](/durable-objects/api/transactional-storage-api) is only accessible from within Durable Objects. 

Durable Objects do not have to use the Transactional Storage API, but if your code does call methods on `state.storage`, it will incur the following additional charges:

{{<table-wrap>}}

|                                  | Paid plan                  |
| -------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| Read request units<sup>1,2</sup> | 1 million, + $0.20/million |
| Write request units<sup>3</sup>  | 1 million, + $1.00/million |
| Delete requests<sup>4</sup>      | 1 million, + $1.00/million |
| Stored data<sup>5</sup>          | 1 GB, + $0.20/ GB-month    |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> <sup>1</sup> A request unit is defined as 4 KB of data read or written. A request that writes or reads more than 4 KB will consume multiple units, for example, a 9 KB write will consume 3 write request units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> A request unit is defined as 4 KB of data read or written. A request that writes or reads more than 4 KB will consume multiple units, for example, a 9 KB write will consume three write request units.
```

> <sup>2</sup>  List operations are billed by read request units, based on the amount of data examined. For example, a list request that returns a combined 80 KB of keys and values will be billed 20 read request units. A list request that does not return anything is billed for 1 read request unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup>  List operations are billed by read request units, based on the amount of data examined. For example, a list request that returns a combined 80 KB of keys and values will be billed 20 read request units. A list request that does not return anything is billed as a single read request unit.
```
